hi guys this is chris key to be
allocated for them and today i'm going
to be showing you what you will need in
your full bags paint it what you need
for high school just in case you ensure
what's put it right so there you need a
pencil sharpener I think that's in the
one number two white ball pen and the
color and is in red and blue number
three pencils some without reverse and
some with were there just in case you
not like use overbearing lesson number
four highlighter I've got yellow one a
green one and orange and this is called
to admit you were highlighted number
five deodorant as it can get hot in
lesson so you don't want it think india
so what help number six everywhere
number seven some pens and there might
need it to use your lesson and Phil
picked up number eight a pair arrow on
it if you're a boy keep your money in
I'll put pass public ticket number nine
nikka good girl all right put eyeliner
in and mascara
so there's my eight tips of what you
need in your school bag sir number man
is make sure I know where everything's
going to my Shack left is learning this
front pocket here where no web is my
wife my pens again and it's little
pocket here it is one I'm not cancel I
going in here my highlight air is going
to print it in Xperia inside my makeup
and my left my the other one is going in
the big pockets in the middle and save
repair the pen again a little some flat
pocket here and that's all my school bag
swingin and that's a bit I'm number 10
is always wear your full informed
correctly I make it conscience sir holy
I'm gonna help you enjoy the clip
that happy high school and upper seizes
sir
first I forget to Like subscribe and
coming back man